"We need to talk"?
It's never good.
Dude. What the fuck, dude?
Yes! There you go.
Just concentrate. Yep. Have it ready.
Yes! That's it! You got it!
Love it.
And again. Ready? Hit it here.
Good. That's right. Bottom.
"But that myself should
be the root and father of many kings."
Excuse me? Can I help you?
How about you stop treating us
like charity cases
and pay your damn taxes?
Once again,
I'm here with Adriana Washington,
who's running for Congress
in New York's 13th district.
Miss Washington,
everyone is up in arms over this clip
from your commencement address
that they say is socialism.
Yeah, well, I did quote Shel Silverstein
as well, but nobody's watching that.
Of course not.
That would make you look human.
Right. Ari, when I said those things,
I was young, I was idealistic.
I watched a lot of West Wing as well
and my understanding
of these issues was purely theoretical.
But then you get out into the real world
and you realize
that it's all much more complicated.
And as you know, your grandmother
was a frequent guest on this show.
I, like so many,
hold her in such high regard,
but we've uncovered
some troubling information
that your grandmother paid you more
than the other aides in the office.
I wanted to give you a chance to respond
to that accusation.
Well, that's patently false.
My grandmother did everything by the book.
Well, apparently not everything.
We actually have internal budgets
showing that you were paid more
than every other staffer at your level.
He ambushed you.
I'm running in and out.
Adriana, you are the best person
for the job.
And even if the accusation is true,
your grandmother did it. Not you.
- People won't hold you responsible.
- Well, apparently they are.
- Have you looked at Twitter?
- Hey.
Oat milk latte from Joe Coffee.
Don't worry. I won't let the people know
you drink such elitist coffee.
Natalie's waiting for me in the car.
Right. Okay.
Thank you for the coffee.
Bye.
Of course.
Hey.
So the principal called me.
You cut out of school today?
I guess.
You guess?
I went up to the music room,
and I was thinking about playing.
I'm sorry I didn't ask you first.
That's great.
That's great
that you're thinking about playing music.
Maybe we can see if we can get
your Uncle John to come set up the piano.
He can't do it.
It's a piano.
I mean, it needs to be tuned
and the soundboard needs to be repaired.
- The movers destroyed it.
- Okay. I know.
I'm gonna find somebody to fix it.
May I be excused?
You know,
I know it must be very hard for you
that your uncle moved out so suddenly.
Actually, I hardly knew him.
Edward, you know that--
you know the rules.
You can't eat food up in your room.
- I know your rules.
- Edward?
- Whatever.
- Edward!
- What?
- You can eat wherever you want,
but do not be rude to me
and treat me like I am invisible!
I'm a person, you know? I'm a person.
Eat your sandwich wherever you want.
If this was a way of avoiding
sending out the wedding invitations,
I approve.
What came over you?
What do you mean?
That was just different.
Not that I'm complaining.
I guess I'm just getting excited
about the wedding.
I love you.
I love you too.
What's that?
Nothing.
The owners did such a wonderful job,
- as you can see.
- Oh, my God. It's perfect.
Sweetie, you see the chandelier?
- Amazing piece, isn't it?
- Does it come with the house?
- I will ask the owner.
- Okay.
Hi!
Dee Dee, I didn't realize you were home.
How are you?
- I heard you asking about the chandelier.
- Yeah.
It is Murano glass.
My husband had it flown in from Italy.
- It is beautiful.
- Yeah.
- We love your home.
- Thank you so much.
- So, I--
I guess you guys are deciding to downsize?
We-- Yeah, we already downsized.
My husband died.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm so sorry.
Yeah, remember that plane crash
back in March?
You mean the one with the boy?
That's the one, yeah.
Charles was in seat 4C.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm so sorry.
What a tragedy.
Dee Dee is such a brave woman.
- Anyway--
- Hold on. Can I?
How far along are you?
- Five months. Yep.
- Oh, my God.
Wait a minute. It's a girl.
- Actually we don't want to know.
- No.
I can tell it's a girl. You know what?
I was pregnant with my Zoe
when we bought this house.
- Circle of life.
- Yeah.
- We should get going.
- I mean, she grew up here.
We all grew up here, you know?
And it was-- We were a family.
And then it all goes away.
Anyway, enjoy.
- There's a wonderful pool in the back.
- Go see the pool. Yeah, it's so good.
- Thank you, Dee Dee.
- Thanks.
This is becoming a habit.
This was in that atlas.
I'm pretty sure it's my grandmother's
soup dumpling recipe.
Okay.
Well, that's...
that's what Brent brought to me
the night I kicked him out of my office.
- Last time I ever saw him.
- Steve...
I feel like my entire life
was a reaction to Brent.
He was a fucking mess.
I always had to be the good son.
And after he died,
I could feel my mother crumbling.
Just... fucking crumbling.
I couldn't watch it.
So I proposed to Daphne.
I can't stop thinking about you.
Well, you need to, Steve.
I know.
You're confused and it's fucking me up.
You can't come here anymore.
Yeah. I know.
- I'm not fucking around. I mean it.
- Okay.
I'll see you at group.
Uh-huh.
I yelled at Edward.
He was short with me,
and I snapped at him.
Everything I'm doing is wrong.
He's a piano prodigy. You know that?
He's like a concert pianist,
but he won't touch his fucking piano
because I broke it.
I hired the wrong movers,
and I broke his piano.
I broke it. It's broken.
I can't do it.
And John left. My husband.
My husband left me. He moved out.
So there's that.
Lacey.
- Hey.
If you want, I can help you.
I mean, not with Edward.
I don't know anything about being a mom,
but I can fix the piano.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's going
to be massively expensive though.
Oh, my God. I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
And I'll be happy to help.
- Thank you.
- Of course.
This thing has gone viral.
I mean, I'm canceled.
Dozens of people
and organizations are calling
- for me to drop out of the race.
- And?
What would you do?
If someone questioned my love of God...
- Yeah.
- ...and my service to my community,
I would fight to the grave
to keep serving.
Okay.
Let's be honest.
This is New York politics.
This scandal is only the tip
of the iceberg.
If you win this race,
you're going to be challenged
every single day until you retire.
So, I can tell you what I hope you decide,
I can tell you
how capable I think you are.
I can tell you what a blessing
your service would be to this community.
But I can't tell you
how much you want this,
how much you're willing to risk.
I can't tell you what's in your heart.
Only you know that.
- I'm glad you came to me.
- Yeah.
- Eddie.
- Hi.
- Thanks for coming.
Yeah. You said you needed to talk?
Let's go inside.
- You remember how to do it?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
I'm glad I met you, Eddie.
I'm glad I met you too.
Sometimes I see him.
I see him too.
You do?
Yeah.
Do you talk to him?
Yeah. A lot.
He actually kind of won't shut up.
You?
No.
When I see him,
he just kinda looks like he's praying.
- Weird.
- Yeah.
Well...
at least we have each other.
Eddie, I can't see you anymore.
What? I won't touch you. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have touched your hand.
No, it's not that.
That's what I had to tell you.
You had me come all the way here
just to tell me
you couldn't see me anymore?
I had to say it to Jordan too.
I can't see either of you anymore.
I have to leave this behind now.
Good luck, Eddie.
No more texting, okay?
Wait. I--
Hey. Eddie.
God, I told you.
"We need to talk" is never good.
Do I have to take a bath today?
Yes, my niece.
Can't we go to the park instead?
No, my niece.
- Why?
- You didn't take a bath yesterday.
What if I take two baths tomorrow?
- It doesn't work that way.
- Why not?
Hey.
- Hey, Adriana.
- Hi.
- What is going on in here?
- How's Eric?
How do you know I saw Eric?
Because I live on this earth.
Did you shut down all your apps?
Actually, yes. What's going on?
Oh, my God.
Yeah, exactly.
You guys are the king and queen of Harlem.
We are not dating.
- Who cares?
- I care. And--
- Kojo?
- No.
- He's moving back to Ghana.
- Well, that's not the point.
This is a lie,
and this is all over the Internet.
First of all, it's good press,
which we desperately need.
Second of all,
Eric is a fucking dreamboat.
- Oh, my God.
- He polls favorably with all genders,
all ethnicities,
all political affiliations.
People will vote for you
if they think you're going home to him.
So, first you wanted me to lie
and say that I don't believe
in my graduation speech,
and now you want me to lie
about having a boyfriend?
We are not lying.
We're just not confirming.
Adriana,
the election is less than a week away.
Let people believe what they wanna believe
- for one week.
- Oh, my God.
This is fucked up.
Child.
They just redid the kitchen.
New appliances.
You really can't beat it for the price.
- Well, I'll let you two discuss.
- Right, thank you.
Okay, if you don't like it,
there are others we can look at.
I know it's a different scale
and a different lifestyle,
but having financial security will lift
a huge weight off your shoulders.
I'm gonna need to talk to Zoe.
- Your daughter?
- Yeah, I haven't--
I haven't told her any of this.
Nothing about the money,
her father's "life in LA."
I mean until I tell her
nothing's ever gonna change.
No, I think that's really smart.
- It is smart. It is. Thank you.
- Yeah.
It's really smart.
I need you to be there, of course.
Wait, what are you talking about?
- 'Cause of the financial stuff.
- But--
I can't do that.
I mean, that's what you do.
Like, that's-- You're so impressive
when you talk about that stuff.
She will listen to you.
If I try to tell her about it,
she will just bulldoze right over me.
No, this really feels
like a mother-daughter type thing.
- You know? It's--
- We're doing better, you know?
It's better between us,
but it's still like this--
You know,
it's like the communication system
is still very delicate.
I feel like if you're there,
we'll behave like human beings.
Okay,
this doesn't sound like a great plan.
Let's do it tonight.
Can we do it together?
I need to just do this.
Like, seven o'clock tonight.
You come hungry, I will cook for you.
- Healthy. I know how you eat healthy.
- Yeah. No, I don't--
I appreciate this.
Oh, my God. I don't know
what I would do without you, honestly.
So, what do you think about the apartment?
I would wrench my heart from my body
and bleed out
before I would live there, but thank you.
We're gonna think on it.
Take a picture.
Yay!
Movers really fucked this thing up.
Who are you?
I'm Amanda.
I'm a friend of your aunt's
from grief group.
You lost somebody too?
My fiancé, Brent. 19D.
I don't remember him. I'm sorry.
Don't worry. I wasn't gonna ask.
This is a really nice piano.
My brother used to say the only reason
to play an instrument was to get girls.
That's as good a reason as any.
The only girl I'm into
is my dead brother's girlfriend.
Well, I'm crushing
on my dead fiancé's brother, so...
- Really?
- Yeah. Don't tell anyone.
No.
This is a nice instrument.
It was my dad's.
- Was he your teacher?
- Yeah.
When I was really little, he would play,
and I'd put my hands on top of his.
Mostly Chopin.
The first one was Nocturne 19 in E minor.
But when I was around eight,
I got better than him,
so my parents got me a real teacher.
But it was never the same.
Well, it's gonna be all fixed and tuned up
just in case you ever wanna play it again.
Choices, right?
Yeah, choices.
So, what are you going to do
about your dead fiancé's brother?
Gonna ignore it. Move on with my life.
Right.
That's exactly what Mahira said.
Even if you don't want to go out with him,
I mean, the dude still lost his brother.
You know? Maybe cut him some slack.
So I asked Steve to come to dinner
so that he could help explain
some of the financial situation,
because it's a little complicated.
So, you know...
- Steve?
- Okay.
For-- Well, for starters,
your father purchased a condo
in Los Angeles which,
unfortunately,
was purchased at the height of the market.
Well, real estate
is the best investment you can make. So...
Yeah, it often is,
but not when you're unemployed
and in debt.
We're not in debt.
And my father was not unemployed.
Well...
honey,
he had lost his job.
He left Leighton?
I believe, technically, he was fired.
He was number two in the company, Mom.
I know.
I mean, I don't know,
because I don't know the details either,
you know? He didn't tell me.
He didn't tell you. It's shocking.
But I don't wanna dwell on that,
because I really-- I wanna move forward...
- You wanna move forward with Steve?
- ...into the future.
Some rando from your grief group?
Is that who-- Really?
- S-- No offense, I guess.
- No, it's okay.
- But maybe I should leave you two alone.
- No, explain the numbers.
- Explain the numbers, Steven. Thank you.
- Okay. Yeah.
So your debt is approximately $3 million.
But that number
will increase exponentially
- if it isn't addressed immediately.
- What?
But there's a plan.
Explain the plan.
You can get back to solvency,
but it's going to take some sacrifices.
Sacrifi-- What kind of sacrifices?
First and foremost,
you'll need to sell the house.
- What house?
- This house.
Our house?
That's your plan? Sell our house?
- Well, it's part of the plan.
- It's part of the plan? Okay.
You'll also need to cut back on spending.
Cut back how?
On expenditures of all kinds.
Clothing, food, travel, education.
- Education?
- No. Definitely--
- That has definitely not been decided.
- Wow.
- He's talking about college?
- We're looking at financial aid. It's not...
I mean, we can see
what you'd be qualified for but honestly,
it's gonna be rather challenging.
I'm just supposed to drop out of Barnard,
like, permanently?
No, I'm recommending you transfer.
The CUNYs are great.
- Brooklyn College, City College, Queens.
- Oh, my God. Do you know what?
- It's all within budget.
- Fuck this.
I am going on my trip
because I have plans too.
- I have plans to travel.
- No. Nobody's going anywhere.
Nobody's going anywhere.
Fuck you, Steve!
I told you Barnard was off the table.
Honey, I don't wanna let your father's
financial mismanagement ruin your life.
No, Mom. Don't put this on him.
Dad loved us. He loved us.
And maybe he spent too much,
but all of the extravagances were on us.
Your fucking jewelry,
your shopping sprees,
our lavish vacations that you arranged.
He never did a single thing for himself.
He never did a single thing for him--
That's funny.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
He was the fucking sane one,
and now I'm stuck with you!
And fucking Steve!
He was the sane one and I'm fucking crazy?
- Yes, listen to you screaming!
- You know what, honey?
You need to look at this.
Look at these piles and piles of--
This is all bills.
- Bills that we can't pay.
- Okay.
And things that he's--
That your father spent money on.
You are unhinged.
- He spent $1.2 million--
- Shoving this shit in my face?
- Look at it.
- That's enough.
- You need to realize what your father--
- Ladies, that's enough.
Oh, shit.
- Oh, my God.
- Fucking hell.
- Fuck!
- Steve, are you okay?
- Oh, my God.
- Oh, no.
Oh, my God. I have to go.
Is it all right-- Is it broken?
- Oh, my fucking God. Motherfuck--
- Zoe!
Hey. Hi.
Actually, I'm gonna use the bathroom
before we head out.
Be right back.
What are you doing out here?
I came to pick up my paddleboard.
Sorry. I should have called first.
I just-- That was...
Amanda from group.
She's here to tune the piano.
Right. Is Edward playing again?
- I don't know, John.
- Okay.
You haven't been
on that board in five years?
Yeah, I know. I just felt like maybe it's
a good time to start trying again.
I got time
and feel like it could be meditative.
- And, I don't think...
- I--
...that a separation
is necessarily a bad thing.
I think maybe sometimes it's like
an old car engine that breaks down
and then to fix it,
you have to tear the whole thing apart.
So you're saying our marriage
is like an old car engine?
- That's not what I meant, Lacey.
- Then what are you saying?
I don't wanna give up on us.
You left me, John.
You left me.
I know.
I haven't seen that board in years.
I think I threw it out.
Yeah, okay.
So I'll see you, Lace.
You okay?
I'm not okay. No.
- It's Auntie Adriana! Uncle, look!
- Once again, we are live
in the campaign office
and it looks like the press conference
- will begin momentarily.
- It's dinnertime. We will watch TV later.
- No way. We have to watch.
- Earlier this week, we confirmed
that my grandmother overpaid me
when I worked for her.
Overpaid me with your tax dollars.
It's hard to find out that
someone you idolize did something wrong,
especially when they're no longer with us.
I'll never know what was going
through her head.
I can't tell her that I'm mad,
that I wish she wouldn't have done it.
But what I can do
is try to make things right.
I am going to publish my tax returns
from the years spent working
in my grandmother's office,
and I'm going to donate the overage
to local charities.
It is not a perfect solution,
but it's a start.
I think we have time for a few questions.
- Adriana.
- Ian.
How long have you
and Eric Turner been back together?
That's not what I came to discuss today.
- But you have dated in the past, correct?
- I don't see how that is relevant.
Can we stay on topic, please? Zina, yes?
What is your response
to people calling you and Eric
the king and queen of New York?
Zina, I have respect for you
and your newspaper,
but is this seriously
what you wanna ask me?
How about my plans
to address gun violence,
homelessness and climate change?
Or better yet,
I just confirmed that my grandmother
did something highly unethical.
Where are your questions about that?
I am the candidate.
I believe in free public college,
rent control, wealth tax,
health care for all,
and I want
to solve the homelessness crisis.
Whether I am elected or not,
I will not rest
until everyone sleeping on the street
has a roof over their head.
I'm not a good politician.
I'm not slick
or good at playing the game, clearly.
But I will work hard for those
who have been disenfranchised,
because those are the people
that need it the most.
And I'm sorry if that offends
a certain tax bracket.
But if you don't like what I stand for,
don't vote for me.
- Hey.
- Hey. How was your day?
I met Dee Dee's daughter.
I met Miracle Boy.
You win. You go first.
Well, he plays Chopin.
Chopin?
So, he's a miracle and a genius?
Hi.
- Successful press conference.
- Thanks.
So you are back with the minister?
We got lunch.
I wanted his advice, that's all.
Adriana, you don't need to spin it for me.
I'm not a reporter.
This is ridiculous. Why do I feel guilty?
You're the one prioritizing your business
over our relationship.
You knew I was going back to Ghana
when we got involved.
Yes, but I thought it might change things.
Your idea of a relationship
is me following you to Ghana.
- It's so backward.
- It's not just my business.
It's my family, my home.
What about my business?
My family? My home?
Look, I don't wanna argue.
You need to be there.
And I need to be here.
And it's sad, but that's what it is.
Okay.
My grandmother infected me
with a fierce need
to find my own purpose in this world.
Blaze my own trail.
There are sacrifices
that come with that life.
Especially for a woman.
She died an 82-year-old single woman
with a massive chip on her shoulder,
but she put me on this path.
And I have to follow it.
I'm sorry that the picture got out.
I'm sorry that it hurt you.
Eric and I aren't together.
I'm not his queen.
But I'm not yours either.
I understand.
Kojo, I...
Oh, my God!
We're gonna have
to call the fire department.
Sam?
These pancakes are so burnt.
Now, why are the first ones
always a disaster?
Just give them to me.
I love burnt pancakes.
Is everything okay?
You've been really jittery all morning.
Yeah, everything's great.
Okay.
Mommy, my shoes disappeared.
And so it begins.
I'll go get her.
Geenie bean, where did you leave 'em?
Hello?
Dee Dee, you sitting down?
That couple's making an offer.
That was fast.
I know you said you weren't sure,
but they really want it.
If we counter aggressively,
I think we can get them well above asking.
Where you going?
Stop squeezing me, Mommy.
I will never stop squeezing you,
my Zoeskies.
- I love you so much.
- I love you, Mommy.
I got you.
Dee Dee, you there?
- Uh-huh. I'm here, yeah.
- So?
I'll need a 60-day escrow.
And the chandelier's coming with me.
Hey. That was you, wasn't it?
The putting green?
Yeah.
Well, actually,
Trent at Home Depot cut the PVC pipe,
but, yeah, I did the rest.
I'm sorry what I said about your dad.
I'm really sorry, okay?
Edward, I'm changing.
Things are changing.
You can't sleep over anymore.
Why? Like, ever?
I can't have a boy sleeping
in my room anymore.
Why not?
Do I really have to spell this out
for you?
Well, if you like me, what's the problem?
I'm a woman now.
What were you before?
I got my period.
I don't care about that stuff. It's fine.
That's--
This is just the way the world works.
It's not personal.
Here's all your stuff.
Are we not friends anymore?
We can hang out sometimes.
It's gonna be okay. It's...
No, it's not gonna be okay.
It's not gonna be okay for me.
You'll make new friends.
..."double toil and trouble.
Fire burn and cauldron bubble."